I got the list of Cao Lin's remnants in Jinhai
I found 16 people
Both black and white have designs
Tell me what you want in return
I want you to create a relationship with Liao Fan for me
The opportunity to spend a night alone
Is for this right
I have a cold poison in me that has not been cured
I want to have sex with him
blackmailed
Let him save me
Although Liao Fan is lustful and honest
But it is estimated that
He still has a conscience
I have to plan for my survival.
Zhanwang Chen, that's my stuff
Miss Gao, I have something to say to this female ninja
Please go out
But go out
This is an order.
Hey, I've given up evil for good
You don't have to kill them all.
Oops come come come
Ah, is that so now?
There is a mission that must be given to you to complete
As the sincerity of the commission, eh?
I will help you dissolve the cold poison
10,000 more miles
Brother, are you crazy?
Not to mention whether this ninja can stand it or not
Are you going to be hurt yourself?
This is a grand land about building the country's luck
I have to give it my all
The junior brother of the female war king has finished
What kind of identity is it?
Miss Qin
I don't care how bad your impression of Great Xia was before
But this time
I hope you can stand on the side of loyalty
Give me a hand
Ah, I'm going to start. Hmm.
A vast and boundless true qi
It actually washed away the cold poison seal in an instant
And the delivery of true qi is still surging
Miaofan, who the hell are you?